ee a) ee eee Ne Fe ee ee ee ee ae
yms. Oh, do let us go in a caravan.’

Mrs. Russell shook her head. “I know it sounds lovely, darling; but
> we to get a caravan ? It would cost at least fifty pounds to buy one,
en if we had one, Daddy couldn’t get away this summer. No, we |
ike up our minds to do without a holiday this year; but I’ll tell you wha
ll do: we'll all go to Southend for the day, as we did last year, and
r lunch and tea with us and have a te aes: picnic.”

‘‘ Then we can bathe again,” said Bob; “ but, oh! I do wish I could he
ny and ride,”’ he added unexpectedly. ‘‘ You don’t know how I long :
ny,” he continued, sighing deeply as he remembered the blissful holi
1en a friend let him share his little Dartmoor pony and ride occasional
‘* Southend is nothing but houses and people,” cried Phyllis; “‘ it’s no b
an this place; and oh! Mummie, I do so long for fields and flowers
imals,’’ she added piteously; and she shook her long brown hair for
hide the tears in her eyes.

“Never mind, darling, you shall have them one day,
issell with easy vagueness.

This really was not very comforting, and it was the most fortunate thing
st at that moment a car stopped at the door.

‘Uncle Edward!” shouted Bob, rushing from the room. Phyllis bru
e tears so hastily from her eyes that she arrived at the front door almo
on as he did, and both flung themselves on the tall, kindly-looking man st
s beside. the car.

“Uncle Edward! Uncle Edward!” they cried. ‘‘ You’ve come at
e’ve been longing to see you. Oh, how glad we are you’re here !””
Now the delightful thing was that their uncle seemed just as pleased t
em as they were to see him, and returned their hugs and greetings witl
most cordiality. They were just on the point of dragging him into
use, hanging one on each arm, when he said: “ Stop, not so fast. Ther
me things to fetch in from the car.”

So saying he began diving into the back of it and bringing out, not o1
itcase, but various parcels, which he handed out one by one.

CE ee an fe ek mbes Alem we. Podta, bests re 6A ean eek a ee ee eee

”

answered
